Add Joomla to community.md (#1115)
github/choosealicense.com: community.md

* [OpenBSD](https://www.openbsd.org/policy.html) prefers the [ISC License](/licenses/isc/)
* [Rust](https://rust-lang.github.io/api-guidelines/necessities.html#crate-and-its-dependencies-have-a-permissive-license-c-permissive) crates are overwhelmingly licensed under both [MIT](/licenses/mit/) and [Apache License 2.0](/licenses/apache-2.0/)
* [WordPress](https://wordpress.org/about/license/) plugins and themes must be [GNU GPLv2](/licenses/gpl-2.0/) (or later)

> * [Joomla](https://docs.joomla.org/Joomla_Licenses) extensions and templates must be [GNU GPLv2](/licenses/gpl-2.0/) for the PHP code.

Reviewer: The link is just to a copy of GPLv2, not a policy document for the project like the others. Is there something like that for Joomla?

Author: We have this FAQ: https://tm.joomla.org/joomla-license-faq.html Would that be what you are looking for?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Joomla](https://tm.joomla.org/joomla-license-faq.html#can-i-release-an-extension-under-a-non-gpl-license) extensions and templates must be [GNU GPLv2](/licenses/gpl-2.0/) for the PHP code.
```
